Review 1: Awesome. Smooth on my low-budget phone (in compatible mode) and I only crashed like two times but it didn't really bother me since logging in again doesn't take too much time.

Review 2: I played this game from October 2020 to April 2023... the loading time is still long. It really shouldn't be like that.

Review 3: I love this game

Review 4: hello again genshin... the game kept stopping I have no choice but to postpone

Review 5: 27/9/2025

Review 6: why it's 40gb in mobile pls do something about it we can't play make it 20 atleast mobile can't handle the game

Review 7: I love it so much even though it needs more adjustment and the resources is 28gb

Review 8: Paid for gems & didn't get them... After signing out & back in the Crystals came through

Review 9: I tried to login back into my account after 3 days... my Whole thing was restarted and I lost all my characters

Review 10: takes a lot of storage but it's a great game

Review 11: it's fun but I do not recommend using an old phone you will lag and crash ur phone

Review 12: I love this game so much and the support team are so helpful

Review 13: stop sexualizing characters

Review 14: the game is awsome

Review 15: Loving this game since its release... I like to suggest putting in the graphic settings some more adjustment options like contrast

Review 16: The game is Soo beautiful!!! Love the graphics and the storyline!!!

Review 17: Don't waste your time. the quests are unbearable... The game revolves around gambling and spending so much money

Review 18: Experience is awesome. Just missing only one thing Native Keyboard Mouse Support. Just add it!!!

Review 19: i lost 50/50 Nilou... all that time and energy wasted

Review 20: I mean the game is good... the download it takes forever to get finish

Review 21: I really like the game

Review 22: Badddd

Review 23: why it wont log in my acc when my password is right why penalty of 20 mins?!

Review 24: BAD GAME BAD GRAPHICS BAD BAD BAD BAD

Review 25: The characters

Review 26: bro why is when i try to play game is A 100 YEARS THING

Review 27: The game is great

Review 28: the file size is tooo much so better if you should decrease file size with ai features

Review 29: FIRE I RECOMMEND.. if you have enough storage

Review 30: This is The best Open world and story I ever play but it's need a big storage

Review 31: I'd probably play a good bit

Review 32: This is game is very good and story but I wouldn't have to complain how the game crash in the middle of story repeatedly

Review 33: 5 years and this company still SUCKS at welcoming new players... pretty graphics tho

Review 34: well good butna little bit bug

Review 35: im not exactly sure if it's just me as a mobile player or not

Review 36: Had a multiple occurrence of glitch and upon communicating with their customer support problem still not fixed.

Review 37: pretty fun game tbh the graphics are so good and character designing and deployment are peak

Review 38: The game is actually good... The dialogue in this game for every quest is too long... grinding for an ideal artifact... limited resin

Review 39: This game is very great. I love playing it but the game lags my device is compatible but game suddenly stops.

Review 40: no skip button yet unbearable

Review 41: -1s for draining my wallet

Review 42: add a skip button and i will make my return to this game

Review 43: Really fv<king whale game

Review 44: .Hi!I'm experiencing bugs on my game... it keeps on closing even if it's already updated.

Review 45: why so petty in primogems... when the 1pull cost 160 primogems. WTH?

Review 46: Just Give us a skip button Thank you

Review 47: it was so great but the quality on phone was quite disappointing

Review 48: GIVE US BETTER REWARDS

Review 49: won't even open I'm using SamsungA16 5G

Review 50: idk why but it's always taking 1-2 hrs to download whatsoever... please make the login process like downloading one shorter

Review 51: Planning to add AI-generated art into the game.

Review 52: Amazing graphics and an engaging story! Only downside is the high ping in India and huge update sizes.

Review 53: game is beautiful but download size has so many gb please low the size under 10 to 15 gb

Review 54: This game......is just... beautiful but a lot of grinding

Review 55: The game is a failure

Review 56: I guess this game is only meant for those with premium phones

Review 57: I cannot log into account with the 'too many requests..' error. I asked the cs team and they will never response.

Review 58: I summoned on Raiden Shogun but when I got the character the game bugged out and I didn't get her

Review 59: fun game at first but...it's honestly more about the money. you want to advance then you need the right characters and you need to be lucky... I don't want to drop any more money

Review 60: The game has unfair pulling mechanism... it's too much storage

Review 61: It's great! I love the graphics

Review 62: good game and good graphics

Review 63: this game is so good and this game has good graphics but it takes to long to download

Review 64: after playing wuthering waves

Review 65: This game is MASSIVE... you could spend a lot of money on it

Review 66: it not coming on anytime I download it

Review 67: it forces me to get a verification code from my old deleted Google account...

Review 68: Good Game actually and story is good but the story telling it's a NO... the game also takes up a lot of Storage

Review 69: good but to big still loves it

Review 70: Thank you for listening to your players. I love the game

Review 71: The game itself is okay but is has become unplayable on my older device as it makes my Wi-Fi connection and/or the whole phone crash. Additionally

Review 72: They deleted my account for an age verification I had already done

Review 73: This is best graphic game

Review 74: The most amazing game on mobile ever created. Just Amazing

Review 75: I love this game

Review 76: needs optimaztions... it can run smoother... slightly laggy problem even on PC

Review 77: this is a very nice game

Review 78: Please add a skip button for certain parts of world quests. Timed challenges absolutely suck

Review 79: Why this game is crashing

Review 80: The game is as advertised... It's definitely f2p friendly because you can still enjoy the game with the characters they give you

Review 81: I love the characters' lore

Review 82: it's hard to grind specially if your account is in worst luck pulls. it's also hard to grind primogems

Review 83: this game is awesome

Review 84: If you want to maximize your rewards

Review 85: Genshin impact offers an open world experience with awesome looking landscape & wonderful combat

Review 86: I think it's neat how the more quest you do the more storage you can get back (for best proformance turn graphics to lowest)

Review 87: Plss fix ping issue after luna1 ver update the ping is always red nearly 200 ms !

Review 88: Good

Review 89: we want 120 fps option in android flagships also. like iphone

Review 90: I've been playing this game since 2022... I wish the game could give more free primogems or wishes to us

Review 91: 'just trashy bad optimization game

Review 92: I don't know wether my phone is just not suitable for gaming

Review 93: the best rpg game there is for free

Review 94: hi... PLS ADD SKIP BOTTON IN STORY MOODS I WANNA PLAY FAST!

Review 95: not gonna lie

Review 96: love it so much I used to play it alot but I had no storage for updates

Review 97: it is good but can make the space of the storage become lower

Review 98: this game NEEEDS a skip button. I don't understand why haven't you added it yet... my phone can't handle all the dialogue. it becomes so over heated

Review 99: the gameplay is pretty cool... however

Review 100: A bunch of neverending

